.TH termite 1 "2016-12-29" "termite" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
termite \- A keyboard-centric VTE-based terminal aimed for use with
a tiling and/or tabbing enabled window manager.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtermite\fP [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtermite\fP is a GTK-based terminal emulator inteded for use within
window managers with tiling and/or tabbing support. It provides a fast
terminal experience and pleasant array of keyboard-centric features.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR"
Display help message.
.IP "\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR"
Display version information.
.IP "\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-exec\fR\fB=\fR\fICOMMAND\fR"
Tell termite start \fICOMMAND\fP instead of the shell.
.IP "\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-role\fR\fB=\fR\fIROLE\fR"
The role to set the termite window to report itself with.
.IP "\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-directory\fR\fB=\fR\fIDIRECTORY\fR"
Tell termite to change to \fIDIRECTORY\fP when launching.
.IP "\fB\-\-hold\fR"
Keep termite open after the child process exits.
.IP "\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR\fB=\fR\fICONFIG\fR"
Specify a path to an alternative config file to use.
.PP
The following two options are built into GTK+ and documented by
\fB--help-gtk\fR
.PP
.IP "\fB\-\-name\fR\fB=\fR\fINAME\fR"
Set the windows name part of the \fIWM_CLASS\fR property.
.IP "\fB\-\-class\fR\fB=\fR\fICLASS\fR"
Set the windows class part of the \fIWM_CLASS\fR property.
.SH KEYBINDINGS
.IP "\fBctrl-shift-r\fP"
reload configuration file
.IP "\fBctrl-shift-c\fP"
copy to \fICLIPBOARD\fP
.IP "\fBctrl-shift-v \fP"
paste from \fICLIPBOARD\fP
.IP "\fBctrl-shift-u\fP"
unicode input (standard GTK binding)
.IP "\fBshift-pageup\fP"
scroll up a page
.IP "\fBshift-pagedown\fP"
scroll down a page
.IP "\fBctrl-shift-+\fP"
increase font size
.IP "\fBctrl-shift--\fP"
decrease font size
.IP "\fBctrl-shift-0\fP"
reset font size to default
.IP "\fBF11\fP"
toggle fullscreen
.SH FILES
\fBtermite\fP looks for the configuration file in the following order:
\fI"$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/termite/config"\fP,
\fI"~/.config/termite/config"\fP,
\fI"$XDG_CONFIG_DIRS/termite/config"\fP and \fI"/etc/xdg/termite/config"
.SH EXIT STATUS
\fBtermite\fP returns \fI1\fR on failure, including a termination of the
child process from an uncaught signal. Otherwise the status is that of
the child process.
.PP

.SH SEE ALSO
man termite.config(5)
